<html>
<body>
	<p>Further tasks:</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Add login service with rest.</li>
		<li>Add authentication to survey-mobile-web.</li>
		<li>Add authentication to rest apis.</li>
		<li>Add rest service to all services.</li>
		<li>Use Validate for checking parameters.</li>
		<li>Add error handling to services.</li>
		<li>Change Question to interface and create AbstractQuestion or QuestionBase.</li>
		<li>Add url attribute to File, or perhaps inherit Image from
			File.</li>
		<li><a
			href="http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3794892/howto-use-https-ssl-with-maven-mortbay-jetty-plugin" />Use
			https with Jetty</li>
		<li>User edit should not be available to USER role (or perhaps
			for the current user).</li>
		<li>Delete files when a user is deleted.
			<ul>
				<li>https://jira.springsource.org/browse/DATAGRAPH-130?page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:all-tabpanel#issue-tabs</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>Enable annotation based security. Enable user add and delete
			for admin only.</li>
		<li>Create a composite component from fileUploadDialog.</li>
		<li>Add support to MySQL and PostGRE, perhaps by using
			configuration.properties</li>
		<li>Enable integration testing of user-service without using
			user-management-web</li>
		<li>Add security test to integration tests.</li>
	</ul>
	<p>Done:</p>
	<ul>
		<li><del>Use PrimeFaces Bootstrap theme.</del></li>
		<li><del>Implement FileUploadBeanTest.</del></li>
		<li><del>Switch to JSF 2.2.</del></li>
		<li><del>Use JSF 2.2. fileUpload.</del></li>
		<li><del>Switch to PrimeFaces.</del></li>
		<li><del>Enable testing with HTTPS.</del></li>
		<li><del>Update Spring security to 3.2.</del></li>
		<li><del>Rename packages to org.survey.</del></li>
		<li><del>Rename project.</del></li>
		<li><del>Change ws to path api/soap and rest to api/rest.</del></li>
		<li><del>Refactor Factories to use entities instead of repositories.</del></li>
		<li><del>rename service spring config names and import them in web spring config.</del></li>
		<li><del>re-activate UserServiceRestIT.</del></li>
		<li><del>Create user-mobile-web with AngularJS.</del></li>
		<li><del>Rename rest paths to comply with naming convention.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add rest-service using CXF.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add integration tests for all services.</del></li>
		<li><del>Remove deprecated cxf-extension-soap imports.</del></li>
		<li><del>Change CXF servlet path to /api.</del></li>
		<li><del>Replace RegisterBean with EditUserBean.</del></li>
		<li><del>Show an error when authentication fails.</del></li>
		<li><del>Rename composite component editUser.xhtml to userEditor.xhtml.</del></li>
		<li><del>Change users.xhtml similar to polls.xhtml to avoid two calls to initialize.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add property for hibernate version.</del></li>
		<li><del>Rename integration tests to IT.</del></li>
		<li><del>Cleanup pom.xml files.</del></li>
		<li><del>Check persistence.xml.</del></li>
		<li><del>Error on addUser.xhtml causes a navigation error.</del></li>
		<li><del>Test RepositoryStub with an entity that extends from an entity.</del></li>
		<li><del>Implement delete poll.</del></li>
		<li><del>Change logger to slf4j.</del></li>
		<li><del>Check why debug log is not written to console.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add type to question.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add more question types.</del></li>
		<li><del>PollServiceImpl create and update should save questions.</del></li>
		<li><del>Show error message when creating a poll with existing name.</del></li>
		<li><del>Change mouse cursor over menuitem to hand.</del></li>
		<li><del>Sync HtmlUnitTest with WebDriverTest.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add poll repository.</del></li>
		<li><del>Test user-service and file-service with JPA.</del></li>
		<li><del>FileRepository.findAllByOwner is not yet tested.</del></li>
		<li><del>Unify UserServiceImplTest with
				FileServiceImplTest.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add PollRepository</del></li>
		<li><del>Add PollService</del></li>
		<li><del>Use UserService in beans.</del></li>
		<li><del>Use FileService in beans.</del></li>
		<li><del>Read configuration.properties to spring-config.xml</del></li>
		<li><del>Add file-service</del></li>
		<li><del>Repeat the password in register.xhtml,
				addUser.xhtml and editUser.xhtml.</del></li>
		<li><del>Update WebDriverTest according to HtmlUnitTest.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add spring security tags to enable add user and
				delete user for admin only.</del></li>
		<li><del>Create a composite component from editUser.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add owner to File.</del></li>
		<li><del>Use Spring annotations in bean tests.</del></li>
		<li><del>AuthenticationProvider does not read role from
				database.</del></li>
		<li><del>Fix look and feel of the logout link.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add role to footer.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add role to users.xhtml.</del></li>
		<li><del>Enable FileUploadBeanTest by using different
				persistence unit names.</del></li>
		<li><del>Use Spring beans instead of managed beans.
				http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7486080/spring-security-3-1-jsf-2-0-problem-with-annotating-methods-in-managedbeans</del></li>
		<li><del>Show current user.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add file upload.</del></li>
		<li><del>Implement CrudRepositoryStub.</del></li>
		<li><del>Implement CrudRepositoryTest.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add file-repository.</del></li>
		<li><del>Use Jetty for testing.</del></li>
		<li><del>Enable testing of beans by extending from bean
				classes.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add version to page footer.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add sql script that adds admin to database.</del></li>
		<li><del>Change username as disabled field in
				editUser.xhtml.</del></li>
		<li><del>Remove main.xhtml as obsolete.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add a dropdown to UI.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add roles for users.</del></li>
		<li><del>Fix the logout link styleClass in menu.xml</del></li>
		<li><del>Add test for UserRepositoryAuthenticationProvider.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add test for EmailValidator.</del></li>
		<li><del>Enable form based security in login.xhtml.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add CustomAuthenticationProvider.</del></li>
		<li><del>Fix logout links in menu.xhtml.</del></li>
		<li><del>Enable spring-security.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add simple spring-security config.</del></li>
		<li><del>Move secured pages to pages directory.</del></li>
		<li><del>Use form based authentication.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add proper implementation to user-service</del></li>
		<li><del>Add user-service using CXF.</del></li>
		<li><del>Use EJB annotations to create user-service web
				service.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add bean tests.</del></li>
		<li><del>Enable user edit.</del></li>
		<li><del>Enable JBoss deployment.</del></li>
		<li><del>Change contextPath to user-management-web</del></li>
		<li><del>Rename applicationContext.xml to spring-config.xml</del></li>
		<li><del>Add findByEmail in UserRepository interface.</del></li>
		<li><del>Remove the duplicate infrastructure.xml.</del></li>
		<li><del>Rename infrastructure.xml.</del></li>
		<li><del>Use SpringJPA to create repository.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add named queries to User.</del></li>
		<li><del>Use lombok annotations Log4j, EqualsHashCode and
				ToString.</del></li>
		<li><del>Remove message bundle definitions from all xhtml
				files.</del></li>
		<li><del>Remove password from User.toString and change
				UserComparator compareTo implementation to use EqualsBuilder.</del></li>
		<li><del>Clear db before or after integration tests and
				enable integration tests</del></li>
		<li><del>Add localization to registerBean.</del></li>
		<li><del>Change to multimodule project.</del></li>
		<li><del>Move DTO to dto package.</del></li>
		<li><del>Move beans to bean package.</del></li>
		<li><del>Use template.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add User -&gt; logout link does not work.</del></li>
		<li><del>Rename success.xhtml to main.xhtml.</del></li>
		<li><del>Add addUser.xhtml.</del></li>
		<li><del>Change to facelet.</del></li>
		<li><del>Use annotations in beans.</del></li>
	</ul>
</body>
</html>
